Adding a blog post on rotating secret providers (#3842)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/rotating-secret-providers/index.md

---
title: "Rotating Secret Providers"
date: 2020-07-30
draft: true
meta_desc: "Pulumi adds ability to rotate stack secret providers"
meta_image: secrets_rotation.png
authors:
    - paul-stack

tags:
    - Features
    - Security
---

> One of the features we have had requests from customers and users for is for the ability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers and users have asked for the ability```

to change the secrets manager associated with their stacks. This would allow a user to rotate

> their secrets providers when people leave their organisation or even to be able to migrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their secrets providers when people leave their organization or even to be able to migrate
```

to another secret manager of their choice. The [v2.8.0 release](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/releases/tag/v2.8.0)
of Pulumi adds support for this specific feature.

Let's have a look at how to change a secrets provider for an existing stack:

```bash
pulumi stack change-secrets-provider pulumi stack change-secrets-provider "awskms://alias/ChangeSecretsProvider?region=us-west-2"
```

This command will change the secrets provider *for the currently selected stack*. It will

> ensure that that the configuration values in `Pulumi.<stack>.yaml` are re-encrypted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ensure that the configuration values in `Pulumi.<stack>.yaml` are re-encrypted
```

> with the new secrets provider and will also ensure that the latest checkpoint (state file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the new secrets provider and that the latest checkpoint (state file)
```

also has any secrets held within are migrated with the new secrets provider.

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/gApPSWG2lNxC4sWxdKIPkuXLc.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/gApPSWG2lNxC4sWxdKIPkuXLc)

## Creating New Stacks based on existing stacks

> When creating a new stack, we also added the ability to create that new stack based on the configuration of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a new stack, we added the ability to create that new stack based on the configuration of
```

> an existing stack. This means, that when you need to create a new developer stack or a new stack for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an existing stack. This means that when you need to create a new developer stack or a new stack for a
```

different environment, then you can create that stack as follows:

```bash
pulumi stack init test --copy-config-from dev
```

> This will create a new `test` stack and initiate the default secrets provider for the stack. It will then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flag creates a new `test` stack and initiates the default secrets provider for the stack. It will then
```

> get the existing configuration from the `dev` stack and re-encrypt it to the default secrets provider for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
get the existing configuration from the `dev` stack and re-encrypt it to the default secrets provider for
```
get the existing configuration from the dev stack and re-encrypt it to the test stack's default secret provider.

the `test` stack. We can, of course, pass a secrets provider to this new stack:

```bash
pulumi stack init test --secrets-provider="awskms://alias/ChangeSecretsProvider?region=us-west-2" --copy-config-from dev
```

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/QZDHSYjXYUPDBLvALbZM776CX.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/QZDHSYjXYUPDBLvALbZM776CX)

## Copying Config Between Stacks

> When working on a Pulumi project that has multiple stacks, there are times that we create configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working on a Pulumi project that has multiple stacks, there are times that we create a configuration
```

> in one of the stacks that needs to be copied to the other stacks in the project. Rather than selecting each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in one of the stacks that need to be copied to the other stacks in the project. Rather than selecting each
```

> stack individually, we can now programatically copy the configuration between stacks. Let's take an example where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stack individually, we can now programmatically copy the configuration between stacks. Let's take an example where
```

a new database password was added to the dev stack. We can copy that password to the production stack as follows:

```bash
pulumi config cp MyDatabasePassword --dest production
```

> This ensure that the `MyDatabasePassword` configuration will be re-encrypted into the production stack. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that the `MyDatabasePassword` configuration will be re-encrypted into the production stack. If
```

there's a situation where we want to copy all of the configuration between the `dev` and `production` stacks,

> then we simply omit the key (`MyDatabasePassword`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then we omit the key (`MyDatabasePassword`):
```

```bash
pulumi config cp --dest production
```

We can iterate over all of the stacks that we need to copy the configuration to and the new configuration
values will be encrypted as per the new stack.

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/VCc6J56RzOv2r08lP9veTE6Rr.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/VCc6J56RzOv2r08lP9veTE6Rr)

## Learn More

> If you’d like to learn about Pulumi and how to manage your infrastructure through code,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’d like to learn about Pulumi and manage your infrastructure through code,
```
